Timing and Subtitles by the Is it raining yet? Team @ Viki
I heard that if stories fade away by sunlight, they become history
if they are lit by moonlight, they become legends
our story will become a legend.
Bride of the Water God
Episode 15
You know, this is supposed to be really romantic.
But, why do I keep thinking about that?
What is?
The seafood kalguksu (chopped noodle soup) I told you about earlier.
To ruin this mood, I keep on remembering that there were 12 short-necked clams in that kalguksu.
Even at the noodle restaurant, my mom and dad kept on fighting.
I was counting the clams in the noodle soup because I was nervous.
There were 12 of them. They were many.
Oh, there are 12 clams.
I need to say this.
But Mom kept on getting mad at Dad.
Mom would ask "what's so important?"
Dad wouldn't say a word and just sat there.
That made Mom even angrier so she would say all types of things.
I was counting the clams over and over again.
No matter how many times I've counted, there were 12 clams.
What exactly was so important
for my dad?
You said you're a god
Grant me one wish..
Let me meet my dad.
I would like to ask him, why he left all these burdens to me,
and if he was able to sleep
or eat just fine?
Tell him to at least take everything away from me now.
He can't even save his own daughter but how can he save the world? If I could ask that one question,
I wouldn't have any other wish.
You never tried to look for him?
I didn't.
What if I found him but he was in Korea?
Suppose he was in Korea all along but he didn't come back to us.
What should I do then?
How about now?
Is that your real wish?
To meet your dad and say whatever is on your mind?
I think so.
What is it?
Just because.
It's nice. This.
What is?
Do you know why people get married?
Because they don't want to part after spending the whole day together.
However, since we live together, that we don't have to do that.
It's nice. Living together.
Is there marriage in the gods' realm too?
You could say there is and there isn't.
What do you mean?
You could get married if you wanted, but exclusivity doesn't apply and it's not binding.
What?
Then, you could cheat anytime you want?
It's very freewheeling.
That's why Lady Yoo Hwa's mom is uncertain.
So who exactly is this Lady Yoo Hwa?
Your daughter.
Joo Mong's mom, King Yoo Ri's maternal grandmother. Since you are King Yoo Ri's maternal grandfather, she's your wife.
I told you I am single.
Ha! It's pointless pretending to be unmarried.
It seems like you're sulking.
What?
Give me a glass of water please.
Seriously, why would law and institutions exist?
Legal authority and binding force, those are all sources of power.
What? Freewheeling? It's not as if this was the animal kingdom.
Is it because they are Natural Men and Women?
Oh?
By chance, is something like polygamy allowed in the gods' realm?
How did you know?
There are goddesses who have many husbands.
Really?
Of course.
They don't age nor die. How could they devote themselves to one man or one woman for such a long time?
Why?
Then you,
how many times were you married?
I told you I have never been married.
Then, who is Lady Yoo Hwa?
Woman, get your act together.
Please give me another glass of water.
One more.
Look here,
what are you plotting?
Can't you tell? I am trying to stay here longer, since I don't want to go upstairs to sleep.
What?
If you stay, if you don't leave, what are you planning to do?
Nam Soo Ri isn't coming home tonight because of a part-time job.
Just happens.
S-so?
So...
you and I...
let's watch TV.
TV?
Sit down.
- Yoon So Ah.
- Yes?
Seriously.
What did you see to act like this?
Something called a diary?
What did you say?
I don't offer my lap to anyone to lie on.
Why did you read my diary?
Did you't write it so I could read it? 20 years ago at that.
What?
Like you said, I found a poem you wrote when you were just a child.
Title, "Father's Lap".
"Father's lap is mine.
"Yoo Sang Yoo, get out. Yoo Sang Yoo, I curse you."
Do you call that a poem?
You said you were pretty good at writing poems when you were a kid.
There is a rerun for "Male Gods' Dinner".
(a TV-show with good-looking chefs)
Oh, you're being too obvious.
If I had such a great talent like yours,
I will be in charge of cooking until I had to leave.
When are you leaving?
The messenger will come.
It could be tomorrow for all we know.
I guess we are on a day-to-day basis. Like a terminal patient.
When I was an intern,
whenever I had to meet terminal patients or their family members,
I would feel guilty for some reason.
How would I be able to understand how they really feel?
I would comfort them with this and that, as I'd been taught and trained,
but to be honest, I couldn't even begin to fathom how they felt.
Crying with them would have been more valuable than all those words
that would often fall unaccounted.
But I think I still learned something.
How they prepared to say their farewell,
the things left behind after the farewell.
For the families left behind or for me now,
people find a reason to live on without withering away.
The wandering mind will
find a place to stay.
Can I ask you a question?
How about you?
How will you live?
I will only live for 40 to 50 more years, but there is no end for you.
Is it alright for me to desire you?
As long as it's possible, for a long long time,
to live without forgetting me.
What are you doing?
You're awake?
I was up early and I had nothing to do. So I watched the rerun of Male Gods' Dinner.
So?
Wait.
Are you making breakfast for me?
So you're the sort of guy who makes breakfast, the type that I've only heard about.
It's because I am hungry.
Really?
Then, I will go back to sleep.
I usually skip breakfast.
Sit right there.
If I have breakfast, I don't feel good.
Just sit.
I will brush my teeth, wash my face and sit at the breakfast table with reverence.
He's cute but I can't tell him he's cute. I think he will get really angry.
Should I give it a try? What if I change into a water lily?
It's breakfast but this is a feast.
Who will eat it all?
Do you know how much food waste pollutes the environment—
If it's to your liking, just say you like it. Simple.
Sit.
Let's eat.
I said eat.
This is how it feels
to have a meal prepared for you.
Eat.
Let's eat.
I locked the door, but there was no potted plant (to hide the keys under) .
He came here to give me the keys. Since there was no potted plant.
I worried about it quite a bit. It didn't seem like you would be going to the clinic for a while.
Should I send it by quick messenger, mail, or call you over to come get it?
Who are you calling over?
That's right. That's why I came myself.
Ah, then at least have a cup of tea...
Who drinks tea first thing in the morning?
There's no law saying I can't have tea first thing in the morning.
In my home, there is such a thing.
You can't drink tea in the morning in my home.
In my house we have breakfast.
If you haven't eaten, eat before you go.
CEO Sin is a really busy person so...
If it's okay, I'll have a little bit.
Wow, Yoon So Ah has great cooking skills.
I did it. This woman didn't lift a finger.
I did it all.
Ah, is that so?
You must not know but this woman has the worst cooking skills.
She also falls asleep wherever. If she just lays down her head, she's out like a light.
So, I always carry her in my arms
and lay her in her bed. I do that. It's really bothersome.
Is that the only thing? She doesn't know how to turn on her porch light
so I always turn it on for her.
She doesn't clean very often so I do that for her.
I bathe every morning
and unsuitably she's very embarrassed at the sight of an undressed male god's body.
Hey.
Am I wrong?
You said that no matter how much you see it, you don't get used to it, right?
Hey.
Was I wrong?
Ah, did you say that you never get tired of seeing it?
Let's eat.
Since you live together, you know a lot about her.
Ah right, Yoon So Ah. I'm  your clinic's new landlord.
Oh! Really?
Are you for real?
Is that why you reduced my rent and security deposit?
I told you, didn't I?
That I would just buy your building. That I have lots of money.
Landlord.
Thank you so much. I really owe you so much.
No, I did that for all the tenants in my building.
Because Chairman Sin has been too greedy of late, they seem to have suffered a lot.
Thank you so much.
I really feel secure now.
It's nothing.
I should become a good landlord.
CEO Sin will definitely be a good landlord...
I am a king!
I'm saying that I'm a king.
That traces of the passage of time in this house look really nice.
I was born in this house, although half of it is now owned by the banks.
It's okay, it's okay,
stay still.
- Yoon So Ah. Did we really never meet before?
Oh, we didn't, at least as far as I remember.
Then why do I keep...
What nonsense are you spouting?
Why don't you sit?
Drinking tea after a meal is a law in my house.
Bring us some tea please.
What is this clumsy "head of the household" sense he's trying to give?
That looks so foreign.
A god who is the king of the Water Kingdom and a half-god half-human.
Why did he change his clothes?
Give it to me in my cup.
I have my own personal cup. It's called Yong Yong.
It's a very artistic cup depicting the good relationship between the owner and his servant.
I bought it for this woman after I did that thing called a "part-time job".
Give it to me in my cup.
Why don't you just drink it in this cup for today?
If you wish, I'll do as you say.
I'm going to go do the dishes.
You look good together.
If you know that then why did you come? Keys?
Did you think I'd blink an eye at your childish provocation?
Even if I'm no match, I can find some loop-holes if I keep poking.
I already told you that the thing that I'm best at is waiting.
Throughout your life, you'll realize how seriously futile your waiting is.
And you'll feel like this life is a failure.
I'm envious of your confidence.
I'm a king.
Yoon So Ah told me that I needn't feel intimidated by things like birth origin.
- She was just saying it.
- Anyhow, time is on my side.
- And looking at it, it seems like money is on my side as well.
- I am a king.
I'm a building owner. Would you care to see whether money or being a king is more powerful here?
What?
- Yoon So Ah.
- Yes?
You forgot that the day after tomorrow you're supposed to work on the farm didn't you?
I'm sorry.
This makes it difficult for me. Being close is one thing but a contract is a contract.
I'm sorry. Lately my mind has been scattered. You're going out in the afternoon, right? I'll go—
Where are you going?
I don't know what you want her to do but whatever it is, it's a no.
Yoon So Ah is indebted to me. She incurred a cancellation fee when she broke her contract to sell me that land.
She needs to earn money and pay back this debt to be done with this contract.
I'll see you then.
It's because you didn't let me sell that land.
Give me some money. My servant owes a cancellation fee to that half-god half-human because she didn't sell him that land.
Because we are the reason that she has that debt...
Don't make me laugh.
You look like you've just gotten a call from Ha Baek.
CEO Sin is a pretty good player. He listens very well to his coach.
That's a name I still don't want to hear. Don't say it if you can help it.
No. I'm going to keep saying it until you get tired of it.
Now what are you play-acting?
I heard that it's women's romantic fantasy to be served breakfast by the man they love.
- It's must be the romantic fantasy of foolish human women.
- Be a human woman just for a bit.
Don't I need a man that I love to do that?
How many steps do I have left? 50? 100?
Will I be able to even reach you?
- Get out. I need to shower.
- Alright.
She's the most difficult woman in the world.
I know that, I do.
What's up?
I can't today, my schedule is filled to the brim.
I'll contact you.
When I go back to the gods' realm I'm going to turn one of them into a mackerel and the other into a sparrow.
Yes, Lord Ha Baek.
Are you earning lots of money?
What? Yes. I have a lot of duck boat customers waiting. Ah, Lord Joo Dong called me.
What? Where is he? Why isn't he coming?
He said that he's coming soon and not to go anywhere and wait for him.
But why did he call you and not me?
Moo Ra told him not to call you because you keep asking for money.
How impertinent.
That person is apparently the person who saved me.
That person. But...
What? What else are you saying?
What is she saying? The part where she says that that person saved her is good
"but,"  "but,"  but... That's the part that makes me uncomfortable.
I'm a little late. The person who was supposed to take the shift after me at the convenience store was late.
- Nam Soo Ri.
- Yes?
It's always the same dream but I can't just ignore it.
I can't hear the most important part.
Is there no fix for this?
Theres... there's nothing.
Why?
- What is it?
- Is anything going on with you?
What? Your tone makes it sound like there should be something going on with me.
Your dating life has gone badly and now you're all twisted up.
There's nothing wrong with my dating life.
Then the genetic material of your dating cells is abnormal. Does it make any sense to love so that you can break up?
I've heard of breaking up because you're in love but I've never heard of loving in order to break up.
You left out 'well', to break up well.
- I'm hanging up now.
- Is the boyfriend that saved you doing well?
Is someone having a ridiculous relationship like that?
You are trying really hard even though you know you can't do it.
I heard that there's a thing called interest if you borrow money.
When I go back to the Water Kingdom, I'll give you a lot.
Why would I need money in the gods' realm?
I'm not saying that I'd give you interest in the form of money. If you need anything, tell me.
Would you give me your kingship?
Of course something like that can't happen.
No matter how much I pick on you, I don't want to see that kind of grief.
- I want to see you for a long time.
- Can you really not do it?
I could give you money or a diamond ring, but Moo Ra doesn't want me to.
I'm the kind of man who listens to his woman.
I saw this on the internet. They call that kind of thing "being whipped".
I like "being whipped".
- I'm leaving.
- Wait.
- I have some business with you too.
- What?
What is it?
What kind of woman is Moo Ra?
Did you meet with Ha Baek? Did you attack his weakest link?
It's not like that.
You did well. Show him how superior you are and how lacking he is here.
- Do you mean it?
- Even if he goes, I can't just send him like this. I'm going to shrivel him up and then send him.
No, rather than sending him all shriveled up, I'm going to burn him to a crisp and then send him.
You gods really don't have any middle ground.
Moo Ra is the most loyal among us. You know this too.
- But if you turn your back on her, she's ruthless.
- Are you acting like this even though you know that about her?
I'm an exception of course. My relationship with Moo Ra is beyond that.
I've made a mistake coming to you. You don't know Moo Ra very well either.
You don't know Moo Ra's true heart, right?
I'm really no match for you.
You don't know anything but you know everything. And you know everything but you don't know anything.
That's the difference between you and me.
Yes.  What you say is correct. I can't grasp it.
I can't get a feel for how far I need to go.
If you pay me a consultation fee, I'll give you advice.
These merciless gods. Are they really going to act like this to the end?
- Where are you going?
- Oh?
I'm going to work to pay back the cancellation fee.
I told you not to go.
I'm sorry. He said that he would follow me here.
He's a great worker.
I don't know much about the gods' realm but the Ha Baek that I've heard about would never do something like that.
There's a reason that Hye Ra is unhappy with him.
He's saying he will pay for the breach of the contract that way. I told him I get paid the daily wage, but I can't get through to him.
Isn't it that he doesn't understand the concept of a daily wage?
If he didn't know about it then I could just explain it to him, but it turns out that he knew about it.
He read about "emperor's labor". (rich convicts who work to compensate for a fine, abuse the system by making even $500,000 daily in prison)
Even a human CEO makes ₩5 million ($500,000), so my labor would be priceless.
However I'll give him the honor of putting a price on my labor. Go.
So, what is the price he set for the labor of a king?
- $50 million.
- Oh, $50 million?
He said that after you deduct the cancellation fee, he'll accept the rest in cash.
$50 million?
You've found out the power of money, even if your strategy was a bit clumsy.
Do you think that if Miss Yoon So Ah had plenty of money, there would be no chance for me to get involved with her?
Regardless of whether she's rich or not, you won't have a place in her heart.
You really don't know her.
Is that so?
Then I will tell you one thing that you are not aware of.
- There is nothing I am not aware of.
- There is.
Something you will never know as a god.
Something I am able to know because I am a human.
What?
Human beings...
they are lonely from the moment they are born.
Jin Geon, what is it?
- Someone came looking for you.
- Who?
- He left something for you.
- What?
Please give me your hand.
Good, well done.
This won't be planted on that side. It was brought there by mistake.
I will hold this.
It's okay.
Go.
No, he's not a kid.
If gods in the Water Kingdom heard that, they will be flabbergasted. A kid?
I am really curious,
is he someone that great?
I don't know too well.
My whole world consisted of the cave.
However, of the stories about the gods' realm that Joo Geol Rin sometimes told me, half were about Ha Baek.
Inside the cave, Ha Baek seemed like the god of gods.
The god of gods?
Not all gods have equal divine powers.
What's possible for some isn't possible for others.
However, Ha Baek is a being in which all powers are present.
Since he was born a king.
However, even for Ha Baek, there are two things he can't do.
He can't revive what's dead.
And he doesn't have the power I have.
Still, Ha Baek is not intimidated by me in the least.
To be honest, I liked that.
But... are you okay?
He might have to leave tomorrow.
He might be gone when you wake up in the morning.
Still, he came back
so that I will be able to live on.
Are you finished?
Yes.
$50 million, that's cheap for my labor.
Give it to me.
What are you doing? It doesn't suit you.
Why not?
You still don't get it. How I could be attractive in so many different ways.
Should I show you?
Don't.
Don't do such things.
Before your heart bursts from pounding so hard, hold on tight.
I said don't.
Seriously.
How is it? Does your heart pound?
According to the internet, human females call this sexy.
Please bend down.
What is it all of a sudden?
Your heart is okay?
My heart is perfectly fine and I feel like I will become a chicken and fly away. (="so cheesy I'll get goosebumps")
Come this way. Take a seat.
Why do you try to stand out like this? This isn't like you.
Isn't it similar to how you snuck out in front of the hourse to look at me from behind?
What?
You said that you have to live for 40 to 50 more years.
Things being like that,
you need to have more memories of me to last you till then.
You're so good at saying such things in an indifferent way.
I am not saying this because I am an indifferent person.
You know that I am selfish.
I am saying this because I am selfish.
As much as possible,
for a long long time,
don't be
I will
remember you for a long long time.
Are you angry because your daily wage wasn't $50 million?
He said since you're an emperor, he will give you $5,000 for a daily wage. So go work there everyday.
If you just work for 10 days, it will be more than enough to pay for the breach of the contract.
If we both earn money....
That's a funny thing to say. If we both earn money.
We will go tomorrow and the day after...
Let's go there together every day.
Let's work together.
Let's stay together.
Okay.
Where have you been?
Look at you.
What brings you here?
Good news.
Congratulations.
♬ Howling moon ♬
Of course I had this remade, according to the customs of this world. Formality is important too.
I even dressed accordingly.
To give this kind of message, I should at least put this much effort.
♬ In the silence ♬
I guess the messenger is busy. He didn't even meet with me and just left.
♬ And if you believe ♬
The sixth red water has come.
So please prepare for the return, Lord Ha Baek.
♬ Tomorrow will ♬
The time limit is marked inside.
I wrote it plain and big, so you could tell even from the first glance.
♬ Don’t know where to go ♬
I am leaving.
I am saying this just to be on the safe side,
♬ Tell me for sure ♬
♬ That you won’t leave me here alone ♬
you know what will happen if you don't return, dont you?
♬ I need to know ♬
♬ You will, I believe ♬
♬ When I do need someone to hold ♬
♬ You’ll be here ♬
♬ Little voice I hear  ♬
♬ Yeah maybe ♬
♬ Maybe no  ♬
♬  Who’s to say ♬
♬ Slowly drowning  ♬
♬  After wave ♬
♬ After wave ♬
Let's go in.
♬ Who to say ♬
Let's go. Let's eat. I am hungry.
♬ Over million troubles to meet ♬
♬  Nothing is easy ♬
Eat.
Standing there like that, you look good even from the back.
Hurry and come.
It's not like you didn't know about it, why do you look so crestfallen?
It's not like they are asking you to return right away tomorrow.
Even if it's just empty words,
why aren't you asking me to stay?
Why?
If I ask you to stay, will you not go?
No, that's not possible.
Exactly. Why are you testing me?
I am not the type of woman who stands in the way of her man's future.
I will tell you why I am clinging on to you.
Think about it.
You're awesome because you're the king of the gods' realm. If you are not a king and you don't have divine powers, what will you do here?
You are an unemployed person who just takes baths every day.
You don't like to work. You just want to drive every day.
I have to feed you.
"I will give up house and money. All I need is you". Don't watch this kind of movies.
If you come like that, the girl will give up on you.
He's so soft-hearted. How will he be a king?
♬ Sometimes sitting ♬
♬ even with nothing on my mind ♬
♬ I've never thought about anything ♬
♬ Why are you crying? ♬
♬ Why are you like that? ♬
♬ It’s so lonely, the days without you ♬
♬ I’m so lonely, the nights without anyone ♬
♬ Only holding onto lonely memories ♬
♬ Every day I wait for you like this ♬
♬ still in my heart, my dream ♬
♬ Which star will I look to today ♬
♬ to think of you? ♬
Lord Ha Baek.
- I am back.
- Why are you here now?
Since I have an ID, there are so many places I can work.
The 24-hour BBQ restaurant asked me to come. During the day, I went to the duck boat part-time job—
- Wrap it up.
- Pardon?
The messenger came.
I see. So we really are going back now.
So wrap it up ahead of time. So something like what happened last time won't happen.
Yes.
Are you that happy?
You should have seen his face too. He looked as if the sky fell on him.
Our goddess is really unhappy with Ha Baek.
I was almost tempted to not tell him that messenger came so he wouldn't be able to return.
That's a bit harsh to say just because you're angry.
If Ha Baek can't become a king, he will die. Will you be able to live on after losing him?
Ha Baek knows this very well so it's not like he's contemplating whether to return or not.
So please give him a break.
So annoying.
Do you like me or Ha Baek more?
Please be mine. Hye Ra
Huh? Who do you like better?
You, you.
What?
You? You like me more, not Ha Baek?
Yeah you.
What are you doing?
Oh, this?
Your fans sent it to you.
I heard that you got angry and said that you didn't want your fans sending you gifts.
I heard that your fans won't send you gifts because they're scared of you.
But Manager Kim is having a difficult time because of the fans who keep sending you gifts.
So I asked him to give them to me because I like anything that has your face on it.
Oh and that box of gifts that you had in your room...
Oh yeah that. I ate the cookies that were in there.
Oh, you did well.
But why are you holding onto that?
What?
I told Manager Kim to throw it away and he put it here again.
Would Manager Kim know anything?
You're a real goddess; why would you need the love of humans?
This mere sock is ridiculous to you.
You even turn up your nose at my diamonds, right?
Yeah.
Only lowly human beings cling on to these things,
I'll take care of it. I like these things because they have your face on them.
What are you doing?
Where are you going?
Would you like to come with me?
It's here.
This is the place where I made that foolish decision.
December 21, 2004, at 11:35 pm.
I even remember the time accurately.
After my father left us, I tenaciously tried to become happy by tenaciously studying hard.
The truth that I believed in was, as you said, what I wanted to believe in.
As you said, it's because that was a much easier and less difficult path.
You father abandoned us. Just think of it that way.
If I hadn't done it that way, I would have had to spend my whole youth trying to understand my father.
But, my mother who did that was also crumbling behind my back.
I really hated my mother.
After my mother died, I was really holding on well.
On that day too,
I was fine at school, but all of a sudden I was hit
by a certain feeling. It suddenly took hold of me
and grew enormously out of my control and pushed me to this place.
Why did God,
among all the many people in the world, neglect my life?
Why was only I left out?
Why did he hate only me?
If my father answered my phone call, it meant that God loved me.
If he didn't answer my phone, it meant that God really hated me.
I made my decision that way.
Please.
The customer is not available to answer the phone at this moment...
My father's phone, which was turned off, wasn't turned on to the end.
I decided to take the most terrible revenge in the world.
I'm going to make him regret it his whole life.
Of course, it now remains in my memory as my most embarrassing moment.
I am once again standing in front of a huge goodbye.
How my heart really is...
Is it as still the way it was when I threw myself in
or has it matured?
I was curious about it.
Thank you for giving me love.
Let's go home and eat now.
Hey! I've been going over it in my head, what the heck are you plotting?
Why are you in that state?
I need to become a human?
I'm a complete human being with 22 pairs of autosomes and 1 pair of sex chromosomes,
but because you told me to become a human, I wondered if you mean't something else and studied up on it.
I even went so far as getting my DNA sequenced.
Steam came out of my head and I took so many headache pills.
I did that! I had forgotten it all because it's been so long since I graduated!
Why did you have to make me study again?
Ja Ya, why are you being like this?
This guy is looking down on me!
If you are a church oppa be a church oppa. Why are you making me study?
My grandfather put you up to it didn't he? I'm right, aren't I? How much did you get?
You did, didn't you? Tell me! You did, didn't you!
How much did you get? Was it a lot?
Let go.
Are you stupid?
What's the relationship between chasing Yoon So Ah out of her hospital space and getting a DNA sequencing test?
That's what I'm asking you.
Do you really like Yoon So Ah?
Sin Ja Ya, stop doing that job that you're doing.
You might need brains for your job but don't you need a heart (chest) as well?  (Word chest also means heart)
What are you saying?
I have no interest in being a glamour model.
Work on your heart a little bit more, and become a human.
What my chest... become a human?
Why is my homework increasing?
Goddess Hye Ra
Oh.
What is it? Is this the first time you've seen me shirtless?
By any chance is that towel something that a fan gave me?
Ah, yeah I really like it because it has your name on it.
That guy really.
I only have a couple of those.
You know how I feel. Be mine (Hae Ra)
What are you doing?
This is really hydrating.
You...
What?
Why are you like that?
- You and that...
- By any chance
is it because I'm using your fan's presents?
No. Would I do that?
Didn't you say you hated them? These mere presents from humans?
I hate them. They're grubby.
Tell your fans that it's alright to send you presents again.
Why are you acting so proud? It's not healthy.
What do you know?
I didn't know before but I know now.
This design is not great.
Is it 50 steps or 100 steps?
Or have I already gone through the door?
Why don't I try standing face-to-face with your truth.
Get lost.
Okay.
Diamond rings are not her style. I need to get a gold ring.
Gold ring...
Why are you here this late at night?
What are you doing?
I finally solved the last piece of the puzzle.
- What?
- I told you that you kept coming to me in my dreams.
Oh you're talking about that. If you're here you might as well eat before you go.
Food is not important right now.
No, food is important to me. I wanted to eat just the two of us
but since my only friend in the world has come, there's nothing I can do about it.
But you're really an inconvenience.
I told you last time, didn't I?
At first I wasn't sure about it but I saw a faint image of someone coming to me and trying to say something.
I don't know why but I thought of you.
Then, a few days later, you came in my dream soaked through with rain; you were saying something but I couldn't hear it.
But then a couple days ago I could hear what you were saying.
That person
That person? What person?
is the person who saved me, they say, that person.
But
So I thought it was obviously your boyfriend.
I was really mad at you for coming into my dreams to brag about your boyfriend. Just ask Nam Soo Ri.
Friend, can you stop delaying and get to the point? I have things to take care of.
I said "but"!
But?
Yeah! You said "but". That means that a twist is coming.
That "but" kept bothering me but the words that came after frustratingly never came.
Was it something like "The Usual Suspects?"
It's more than that. But anyway that's how it was.
It was like that but I heard it just now.
Ok, congratulations.
What did I tell you?
You said something very big.
You said that's the person who saved me but
That's the person who saved me, they say,
but...
but the person wh saved you
the person who saved me
is going to be the one who brings me death.
What?
The person who saved you is going to be the one who brings you death.
You're going to die!
What?
Timing and Subtitles by the Is it raining yet? Team @ Viki
♬ It’s so lonely, the day without you ♬
♬ I'm so lonely the night without anyone ♬
♬ I hold onto just the lonely memory ♬
♬ Everyday I'm waiting for you like this ♬
♬ stay on my way ♬
Our descendant is going to die?
No.
I think today will be the last time.
Why are you doing this to me?
The divine power you need to use on your return, you will use it on her.
I told you it's the god's duty to protect.
- If you can't become a king, then
- What will happen if I stop existing?
Stop saying ridiculous things.
If I can't save even her, how can I be called a king?
Whatever it may be, is it more important that your death?
You are going to die?
I told you I will protect you.
You will disappear from my memory?
I love you.